suffix=j2sdk1.6-oracle
j2se_base="/usr/lib/jvm/$suffix"

if [ ! -e "$j2se_base/debian/info" ]; then
    exit 0
fi

# alternative <program>
function program_alternative() {
    local program="$1"
    update-alternatives \
	--remove "$program" "$j2se_base/bin/$program"
}

program_alternative appletviewer
program_alternative ControlPanel
program_alternative extcheck
program_alternative idlj
program_alternative jar
program_alternative jarsigner
program_alternative java
program_alternative javac
program_alternative javadoc
program_alternative javah
program_alternative javap
program_alternative java-rmi.cgi
program_alternative javaws
program_alternative jconsole
program_alternative jdb
program_alternative jinfo
program_alternative jmap
program_alternative jps
program_alternative jsadebugd
program_alternative jstack
program_alternative jstat
program_alternative jstatd
program_alternative keytool
program_alternative native2ascii
program_alternative orbd
program_alternative pack200
program_alternative policytool
program_alternative rmic
program_alternative rmid
program_alternative rmiregistry
program_alternative serialver
program_alternative servertool
program_alternative tnameserv
program_alternative unpack200

# derive the architecture-specific 
# directory for the plugin
arch_dir="$(dpkg --print-architecture)"

# assemble the plugin path
plugin_dir="$j2se_base/jre/lib/$arch_dir"

# iceweasel
update-alternatives \
    --remove "iceweasel-javaplugin.so" "$plugin_dir/libnpjp2.so"

# chromium
update-alternatives \
    --remove "chromium-javaplugin.so" "$plugin_dir/libnpjp2.so"
